Said all right, everybody.
I need you to poke go to the polls and then everybody
in the audience was like, uh, ditching, you never saw that.
No, now you are, you are, you're a progressive,
but you're not necessarily a Democrat. Well, I mean,
you're not necessarily like ins port of anyone. Who's,
you're not a loyal Democrat.
So I describe myself as populous left. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
that's how I would describe myself. Populist means, you know, I support, uh,
the policies that would help ordinary people. Um,
and I vote based on the issues. And so if there's a politician,
that's for the policies I'm for that's who I'm gonna support and that's,
I'm gonna argue for. Um, so I'm very,
very critical of what we call corporate Democrats,
which are Democrats that represent wall street and represent big pharma and, uh,
the military industrial complex and for-profit health insurance companies and,
um, super critical of the Republicans also. So, you know, that's why I,
co-founded a group called justice Democrats.
And the whole idea was to basically do a populous left takeover,
the democratic party, where you get rid of the cists in the party,
and you have people who will represent the working class. And, uh,
we've been pretty successful so far. There's still 26, um,
justice Democrats who were in the running and they, uh, can get elected.
And there were, here's an amazing fact,
there were four politicians and the representatives that didn't take any
corporate PAC money, there's about to be 40. Wow.
And that all happened because of justice Democrats, our revolution,
which is Bernie Sanders group. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>, uh, the P C,
which is another left wing organization. And basically what's happening is, uh,
people on the left who actually care about the substantive issues are standing
up and saying, we're not gonna take it anymore.
And we're tired of being lied to by politicians.
And we want people who are gonna actually represent us and represent working
people. Yeah.
Well, that's, I, I love that.
And I love that approach and there's so much partisan politics and there's so
many people that are just married to the idea of being connected to the
Democrats that they're willing to overlook.
Some Hane is faults and he old.
Blue just won't do as, as Nina Turner says that. And I love that phrase.
<laugh> yeah. It, um,
that is a great phrase because it's so just hacky and partisan to be like, oh,
I'm on your team. So are you gonna vote for me here?
Let me do some platitudes and some cliches about how we're stronger together.
And we're gonna break down the barriers and you know, like, well, I don't, uh,
overtly hate minorities. So vote for me. It's like, oh, what a low bar?
Give people something to vote.
For. That's a great point. Yeah.
That way I felt a lot of that during the Hillary Clinton campaign,
everybody was like anything but Trump, so we're gonna vote for her. But boy,
if let's just be honest, if you a viable can like, like.
T that's right. T Abert great candy. If you.
Had TUL Gabbard and she was running for president,
and she's also a woman and she's also left lane, but she cares about the issues.
She cares about the issues and she's earnest. Yes. Like when you talk to her,
you can tell she just isn't. I mean,
she's careful with her words because she's intelligent.
Not because she's deceptive. Yeah. And I, I would vote for her in a heartbeat.
There you go. I was just, we just messaging each other.
She was messaging me about my Netflix special. And I said, run for president.
I want you to run for president. I mean, that would be you wonderful.
I'm slightly.
She could win, man. I think she can.
But I'm, I think she can win.
I'm slightly butt hurt about Tosey because when I was on your podcast last time
I plugged her talking about how awesome she is. In fact,
I think I'm the one who originally showed you who she was. Right.
Did you know before me and that podcast, many people.
Did.
So you had heard about her. Well, anyway, she.
Comes on the show.
Definitely one of them though, she comes on the show and talks about yeah,
new media's, uh, awesome. And there's a lot of great new media people out there.
She goes, Jimmy do, and then there's a pause.
And then you move on to the next topic. And I'm like, God, toey.
<laugh> I plugged you plug me, forgot, bro. I know. Let that go.
I'm being incredibly petty. And I don't even really mean what I'm saying.
Cause I would still support her as a politician. 100% it bro,
this is some salt and it's headed your way. Tosey.
<Laugh> she'll remember now. No.
But she's great. She's great on the issues and um, yeah.
She's a genuine person. That's what, that's what I got outta her.
Like what I got from talking to her, she's a genuine person and man, I mean,
maybe it's because she's from Hawaii and it's just a different place. It's like,
it's almost like a state. That's a small town. I mean, that's,
Hawaii's very small. Yeah. I mean, there's a million people in Honolulu,
but you get outside of Honolulu.
There's only a hundred thousand on the big island. Yeah.
I don't know how many Maui has, but I think it's only got a couple hundred.
Thousand. I've never been to Hawaii before. Oh, it's great.
It looks like a paradise. I mean, dude, the.
Best is Lena. If you want to go somewhere and just chill ax,
there's a four seasons in NY.
The entire island has 3000 people living on it. Oh wow. Wow.
It's great. And you get real island Hawaiians. Sure.
Like they're not like if you go to Maui, they're wonderful people.
They're great. But they've been groomed. You know what I'm saying?
Like people have taught them how to talk like regular white people <laugh>
whereas in, I mean, NY, they're just chilled out man.
And they just, they have that way of talking, you know,
they talk and you know what pigeon is? No, it's a real interesting sort of,
uh, I guess it's like a die elect of English. You would call it,
but they have really cool expressions. Like some, if, if they,
they say a lot of things, it would be choke. Like, uh,
like if you talk about like,
like a guy was explaining to me how many deer there were in this one place,
he goes, oh its a choke deer. There was choke deer.
So it's kind of like a broken English with different words, sprinkled. That's.
Interesting. They use different words for different things.
You'd have to be around them all the time.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but there's also like a, just a way of talking.
That's like very, very interesting.
That's kind of like, I think it's called Padua. Maybe it's called.
I think it's uh, people who are Jamaican who speak in English,
but it's very broken English.
Yeah. Probably real similar. Yeah. Yeah.
And they love to.
Say Bumba clot. What does that mean? Blood clot.
I think Bumba clot. I think that's what it means. Right? Blood clot. I know.
They also say blood clot.
They say blood clot a lot. I think so. Yeah. That should come up. Very rarely.
<laugh> well blood. I mean it's unless you're a doctor, I.
Guess it's a way of saying stuff, you know something's terrible.
It means or oh mother bag. That's what Buba clot means. Yeah.
Oh I was so you're even.
Close. You're the whitest guy that's ever been in.
His room. I I guess, I guess the technical meaning would be blood clot.
It's basically blood CLO blood clot. It's a medical term.
Basically talking about sutures. Yeah. It's funny. Yeah.
But that, that flight to Hawaii must be, it's.
Not bad. It's five hours.
Oh, from here it's five hours. I'm coming from New York. Dude.
You fly here, you hang out for a couple days and you fly there. I gotta.
Interject again. The uh,
top definition on urban dictionary says it's a cloth rag used to wipe one's anal
region. Oh, oh obviously.
That was my second guess. <laugh> it'll be the BU.
But like a ALO with so Bulo was like cloth.
wiping his. He's a cloth. Yeah. Like you'd call some of the bag, the cloth,
the wipe a but as a.
As a word to replace, like or.
Or something like that. He's an wipe. Yeah. Right. That's mean that it's coffee.
Blast wipes. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard that one. Wow.
When's the last time you heard an wipe? Butt wipe.
I haven't heard that in a long.
Time. Yeah. White. When was class? That's like B Butthead. Yeah. Days.
You're such a butt wipe. Wipe <laugh> yeah. Um, anyway,
you're white.
Yes. Very much so. <laugh> that's clear. People can see that.
<Laugh> when you look at the potential candidates for 2020. Yep.
Um, who, uh, on the left stands out. Is Gavin Newsom, is he gonna run?
No, he's just too. He comes across as a little too. Politicy and smarmy. Ah.
That's.
How he striked me to you. You don't like him?
No. I mean,
I'm sure if I had a conversation with him and we spoke about the issues,
I would agree with him on most of the positions,
but I don't know if he really believes it and means it because he's a
politician, right. There are politicians, real politicians. Yes.
They're politicians who I talk to.
And I know that they mean it Tosey Gabbard would be one of those roun would be
another one of those. We spoke about him on the show. Last time I was here. Um,
obviously Bernie Sanders is another one of those. You know,
there's a really interesting politician coming out of, uh, West Virginia. Now,
I don't know if you heard about this guy,
his name's Richard O Jetta and he's running against a Republican named Carol
Miller. Get this he's running in west. Virginia is super deep red.
Like mm-hmm, <affirmative> big time Republican,
almost the most Republican it's tied probably with Mississippi as the most repo
conservative area in the country.
So this district Trump won by 49 points.
There's this Democrat Richard O Jetta running he's up in a poll against
public by five points. Wow. So you're probably thinking how the hell in a,
you know, a district like that can a Democrat be leading.
And the answer is very simple.
He's populist and he's fighting for working people and he's run these amazing
ads where he literally gave out his phone number in one of the ads and said,
listen, if you're a constituent of mine and you have an issue,
call me and I'll tell you what, if a lobbyist tries to come into my office,
I'm gonna kick him out. I don't want you in my office.
I don't care about lobbyists.
I care about the people and he is running on all substantive issues.
He's taking no corporate PAC money. He's for Medicare for all.
So this is a guy who, you know, and by the way,
he's a veteran in Afghanistan and he's yes.
And he did vote for Trump. And now he's one of Trump's harshest critics.
And he said, listen, man,
I thought Trump was gonna be potentially good for working people,
but it just turns out he wasn't good for working people. So for example,
Trump ran as an anti outsourcing president.
He was against NAFTA and TPP and all that stuff in Trump's first year's
president, there were 93,000 jobs that were outsourced.
That's even worse than Obama. Obama had 87,000 jobs outsourced.
So when you go through his record with a fine tooth comb,
even like the unemployment rate being low,
that's totally misleading because wages are falling. So if wages are falling,
you can't just brag about your economy being wonderful. And his tax bill,
83% of the benefits of the tax bill went to the top 1%.